Namaste, I would like to invite you to
join me in a study of Patañjali's Yoga-
sūtra. This study will be in line with
ancient traditions and wisdom
received from the great rishi's and
saintly yogis of the past. Each sūtra
will have word-for-word English synonyms
and a translation and commentary, in line
with the earliest commentaries of known
commentators on the Yoga Sutra, beginning
from Vyāsa, and also with the authentic
spiritual and philosophical traditions
of my own lineage.This offering is meant
for those sincere seekers who are
looking for deeper meaning and purpose
to their lives, and who aspire for true
self-realization and God realization.
This will be an ongoing study with
translations released regularly. So
please subscribe or follow, in order to
receive notifications of new video
releases. May we all benefit from this
great and foundational sūtra on the path
of self-realization. Thank you.
Oh Lord, lead me from illusion into the
eternal reality, from darkness into the
light, from death to the nectar of
immortality.
Let there be the peace of spiritual
enlightenment.
Auṃ asato-mā sad gamaya  Tamaso mā jyotir gamaya. mṛtyor māmṛtaṁ gamaya
Aum śānti śānti śāntiḥ